My most valuable skills are intellectual flexibility (such as applying
research tools and techniques to non-science problems), honed
professional oral/written/presentation skills, and the ability/desire
to quickly obtain a critical-mass of knowledge in a new field or
topic. My astrophysics background has positioned me to take on roles
in complex analysis, R&D, and computing in a wide-range of fields.

critical thinking
detailed analysis

OCA:

Test theoretical models regarding the origin of the non-thermal
emission from clusters of galaxies and understand the relation to
evolutionary cosmological physics. We exploited the capabilities of
modern low-frequency radio telescopes (e.g. LOFAR and LWA), and
complementary X-ray and gamma-ray observations, to fully-characterize
cluster non-thermal physics.

UW:

I am responsible for the execution of research projects initiated by
myself and my advisor, planning future projects, acquiring funding for
future projects, assisting in the guidance of the research team,
writing and publishing papers detailing my research, and presenting
our work at conferences and other universities. Our group has been
awarded observing time on all three of NASA's currently flying Great
Observatories (Hubble, Chandra, and Spitzer), in addition to being
given time on the VLA, ESO's XMM-Newton, and being part of a key
project for the Herschel mission which flew in 2009. I have extensive
computer programming, organizational, and mathematical skills.

Studied the properties of supermassive black holes, galaxy formation,
and clusters of galaxies using state-of-the-art astronomical
techniques. My duties were to design, implement, and execute research
projects using data acquired from X-ray, radio, and optical
observatories. Reduction and interpretation of the data necessitated
the creation of novel computer program suites that were flexible,
extensible, and useful for modeling.

MSU:

I studied clusters of galaxies via their X-ray properties to
investigate feedback mechanisms (e.g. active galactic nuclei and star
formation), galaxy evolution, and the process of cluster
virialization. My primary role was to complete long-term goals set
forth by myself and my advisor with the overall purpose of my
attaining a Ph.D. in astrophysics. In my ~6 years at MSU I: wrote
three first author papers, co-authored four papers, gave 16 talks
regarding my work, received ~45K in grant money to observe with the
Chandra X-ray Observatory, was awarded the Sherwood K. Haynes Award
for Outstanding Graduate Student, became an MSU College of Natural
Science Dissertation Fellow, was granted membership to the American
Astronomical Society, the American Physical Society, and National
Physics Honor Society. In addition, I acquired profound skills in
reducing and analyzing data taken with Chandra X-ray Telescope, became
fluent in PERL, IDL, LATEX and HTML, attained working knowledge of C,
FLASH, FORTRAN, MYSQL, SUPERMONGO, and TCL, and mastered multiple
computing architectures: DOS, Linux, Macintosh, and Windows.

GT:

My tasks were to reduce optical UVB data collected with the Fernbank 0.9 m telescope and analysis differential light curves of galactic eclipsing binaries. Customized versions of the well-known Wilson-Devinney model were then applied to the data using one-off Bayesian fitting routines.